Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
This above all: to thine own self be true.
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn.
I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse.
Fun fact: Marlon Brando won an Oscar for his performance in this film, which he famously declined over Hollywood's treatment of Native Americans.
You don't understand! I coulda had class. I coulda been a contender. I could've been somebody, instead of a bum, which is what I am. 
Toto, I've got a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore. 
Fun fact: As one of the most famous movie quotes in film history, this line has been parodied by many different movies and television shows.
Here's looking at you, kid. 
Fun fact: Humphrey Bogartjust narrowly makes the top , but he's the most represented star on the list.Han Solo saying may the force be with you
Go ahead, make my day. 
All right, Mr. DeMille, I'm ready for my close
May the Force be with you. 
Fasten your seatbelts. It's going to be a bumpy night. 
You talking to me? 
Fun fact: Robert DeNiro improvised this line. The script only said Travis speaks to himself in the mirror so DeNiro took some liberties and was ultimately successful.
What we've got here is failure to communicate. 
I love the smell of napalm in the morning. 
Love means never having to say you're sorry. 
Fun fact: Two years later Ryan O'Neal will hear this line again in the film What's Up Doc when Barbara Streisand says it to his character and respond, That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard.
The stuff that dreams are made of. 
E.T. phone home. 
They call me Mister Tibbs! 
Made it, Ma! Top of the world! 
I'm as mad as hell, and I'm not going to take this anymore! 
Louis, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship. 
A census taker once tried to test me. I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice Chianti. 
There's no place like home. 
I am big! It's the pictures that got small. 
Show me the money! 
Why don't you come up sometime and see me? 
I'm walking here! I'm walking here! 
Fun fact: This scene was improvised. Midnight Cowboy filmed in New York City so the taxi in the shot is an actual New York taxi. Remaining in character Hoffman yells at the driver and the scene made the cut in the film.
Play it, Sam. Play 'As Time Goes By.' 
You can't handle the truth! 
I want to be alone. 
After all, tomorrow is another day! 
Round up the usual suspects. 
I'll have what she's having. 
You know how to whistle, don't you, Steve? You just put your lips together and blow. 
You're gonna need a bigger boat. 
Badges? We ain't got no badges! We don't need no badges! I don't have to show you any stinking badges! 
I'll be back. 
Today, I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the earth. 
If you build it, he will come. 
Mama always said life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get. 
We rob banks. 
Plastics. 
We'll always have Paris. 
I see dead people. 
Fun fact: When Haley Joel Osment says this line the camera goes to Bruce Willis's face. This is a cinematic clue that Bruce Willis's character is dead.
Stella! Hey, Stella! 
Oh, Jerry, don't let's ask for the moon. We have the stars. 
Shane. Shane. Come back! 
Well, nobody's perfect. 
It's alive! It's alive! 
Fun fact: The original line was It's alive! It's alive! In the name of God! Now I know what it's like to be God! Censors cut Dr. Frankenstein's full line because it was considered sacrilege.
Houston, we have a problem. 
You've got to ask yourself one question: 'Do I feel lucky?' Well, do ya, punk? 
You had me at ?hello.? 
One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got in my pajamas, I don't know. 
There's no crying in baseball! 
A boy's best friend is his mother. 
Greed, for lack of a better word, is good. 